It has nothing to do with him.
Let him go
Your Highness, your legs are gone
The emperor is pressing
It's pointless to put it on
This is the pharmacy where he got married
Too bad I don't know who gave it to him
The texture of this cloth
Like a tribute in the palace
seriously
Can't be wrong, it's still the most cherished kind.
Only the empress can have it
Have a feeling
This prescription is not so much a cure.
It's more like amplifying part of the medicinal properties
The poison of mercury originated from the emperor
If this medicine is also his lifespan
Intentionally poisoning the people in the suburbs of Beijing
What is he trying to do?
Let him go!
Special Formation King, your legs are ready, this king said